Basic Notes
Anng
10/9/12
Study Tips
Prepare before class
review notes from last class
look through chapter to understand basic idea of
this class
May take 20-30 mins but makes a huge difference
When in doubt, write it down
Point wste everything though Main Points Main Ideas
Don't spend too long deciding If you should
Write down
Think your notes
Don't write everything Leave out words
use abbreviations-include a key of specific-for-
this lecture abbreviations. e.g. A lecture about
King Henry VIII will require you to repeat his name
several times. instead of writing it out each
Time make a note King Henry VIII=H8 if that
would be confused with King Henry VII abbreviate
it as King Henry VIII=8
know your prof
use the note-taking method that will best help
you with this particular prof's lectures
A more organized prof works well with the
Cornell style. use the note-taking method
for visual learners for a prof that jumps
around and returns to previous points
Show the prof your notes after the first
lecture and ask if you are hitting main points.

Basic Notes
Anna
10/9/13
Study Tips
Prepare before class
review notes from last class
look through chapter to understand basic idea of
this class
May take 20-30 mins, but makes a huge difference
When in doubt, write it down
Don't write everything, though! (Main Points, Main Ideas)
Don't spend too long deciding if you should
write it down
Thin your notes
Don't write everything! Leave out words
Use abbreviations-include a key of specific-for-
this lecture abbreviations. e.g: A lecture about
King Henry VIII will require you to repeat his name
several times. Instead of writing it out each
time, make a note: King Henry VIII=H, Or, if that
would be confused with King Henry VII, abbreviate
it as: King Henry VIII=8.
Know your prof
Use the note-taking method that will best help
you with this particular prof's lectures.
A more organized prof works well with the
Cornell style. Use the note-taking method
for usual learners for a prof that jumps
around and returns to previous points.
Show the prof your notes after the first
lecture and ask if you are hitting main points.